Didn't I say I don't want to see you anymore?
I'm going to pick out my mom's birthday present now
Leave me alone
Go away, look at my memory
It was Aunt Zhang's birthday
I forgot about such a big thing.
In this way, you can choose whatever you want in this store.
As my apology to you
Bring me the best jewelry in your store
Let Miss Zhang choose
I don't need you.
Angkigor will buy me the things I like
Just him
A poor boy like him
Don't say you bought it.
I'm afraid even this
This is also the first time for high-end stores.
If it weren't for Accompanying Ningyu
Kneel down and beg me in a low-level place like this
I don't know anymore
You are such a toad
What a big breath
This Xuanling Tongbao is the largest jewelry store in Beihai
Many rare treasures are not even available in Kyoto
You said they were on their knees begging you
What a joke!
Li Shao, Sister Zhang Shao
These are the treasures of our store.
Please choose slowly.
This blue dream
The texture is pure without any variegation.
The cut is also very good
The most important thing is that there are dozens of grams of wax species
It's fantastic.
Aunt Zhang will love it
Wrap it up.
Yes, you don't need to buy it, you don't understand, do you?
This diamond is worth over 70 million
This Wuji brother
I'm afraid that even if you work hard for ten lifetimes, you won't be able to save so much money
And this little money
It's just a drop in the bucket for my Li family
What's more, my filial piety to Auntie Zhang
Don't be polite to me